welcome to epic PC we're doing the Naga
molten Mouse review from razor and I've
had raised over the past I believe that
the Diamondback is in one of the best
peripherals I've ever bought and
obviously that has been a killer of a
mouse mat now we've also got next video
we've got this case which is the epic
Carbide series and pretty much we've
doing a full review of the case before
it launches on July the 1st and pretty
much show you how we built and
everything about the case that Razer is
sponsoring me for is actually quite a
bit smaller as you can see that's the
side panel so it would be about 25 to 30
percent smaller and ideal for landing
and stuff like that so we've got a few
sponsors which we'll be announcing for
that case and razor obviously a big part
of that with the items that they're
sending me so this is the first item
that they're sending me which is the
Razer Naga Moulton and we're about to do
a full review of this so stick around
and you can see they packed it really
well
it's got extremely urgent on it which is
cool I'm gonna FedEx except all that
stuff but I guess it's urgent
all right that was really the same
another o'clock paper I semester
mouthful gnarly molten as you can see
the passions are pretty good it's even
got velcro the mouse pretty much looks
really good lit up one thing that you
notice straight away about the mouse is
it's just God the nicest clothes I mean
the the fact that it's mat on top and
just nice plus finished down the bottom
it just gives it a professional look and
there's another thing that you can see
is that it's perfectly crafted for
right-handed players it is actually a
right-handed Mouse as you can tell with
the thumb placement and it's also got a
place for your pinky to rest while your
other fingers do the clicking now
another good addition is that you've got
these two buttons here which effectively
gives you those two buttons plus those
two plus 12 so you've got a plethora of
options as a gamer especially I mean you
know when I play League of Legends I
just cast spells and I really want to
learn to you know cast spells straight
across this thing so oh and if you want
to add me on League of Legends the might
use names down the bottom so I go on
their coded which is a bit sad but oh
all right so let's let's plug this thing
in because it's just I reckon all looks
so much better lit up and as you can see
that is just it looks so quality one of
the things that makes razer products so
distinguishable is the way that they
just manage to make everything look
awesome i mean here you've got gold
plated connectors for the USB and I mean
that's overkill in every sense of the
word but it just it looks great and you
you're buying a quality product so why
not and obviously this leaving a look on
the actual cabling is just it takes the
cake for me I mean it's really good I
think after this I'll be able to buy a
mouse that's just playing plastic I'll
have to buy something a sleeved one
thing that you tend to notice straight
away with this mouse is that it almost
feels like it's alive it sort of just
pulses in and out and I don't know it's
a little bit creepy but it's just
awesome it's just a horse oven so many
levels obviously when you come around
here you've got the numbers which are
all lit up and as you can see one two
three four five all the way down to
twelve and all the way up to twelve I
should say and it's just I mean just to
use it I think I'd have trouble using
probably nine ten eleven and twelve but
I don't think I've got twelve spells
anyways I've pretty much got six so
that's enough for me I think it's really
unique that they brought out this type
of Mouse especially for the type of
gamers that play League of Legends and
and dota and Han and World of Warcraft
and it's just great to have a mouse that
has so many buttons that you can cast
spells and just do everything that you
usually have to do on the keyboard and
now you can just do it all in one place
and it does it I suppose it will take a
lot of training but once you get used to
the buttons and once you configure it
properly I mean you'll be so fast at
casting everything you just your own so
it's definitely nice design it's a
really crazy looking Mouse it's actually
quite hard to explain just how
responsive this mouse is pretty much
exactly when you move it it moves on the
screen there's no lag there's no
difference it is where you want it to be
and I believe that this is actually
quite a large improvement over the old
iron back in terms of responsiveness I'm
not sure of what the exact figures are
but it's just in real terms it feels a
lot quicker I'd like to thank Razer for
giving us this peripheral to use
obviously it is just a incredible mouse
and we're building in the Chromebook
computer so it's gonna fit very well the
Carbide series is almost done and we're
doing the videos on that now and we're
starting a new series called the Black
Diamond series which is a smaller case
which will hit the market July first as
well so both cases the carbide Series
and the Black Diamond will be available
on our epic store combo which is in the
links below and you will be able to buy
them from anywhere in the world
from July 1st so definitely check that
out
watching me on my YouTube filming my
YouTube and you could be a YouTube
winner so basically all you have to do
is see on my youtube channel you've got
the Twitter Facebook in my store just
come with a store and make a comment on
the store and if it's optional but I'll
also count it as well if you go to my
Twitter and sign up to my Twitter and
follow me I'm just getting into Twitter
so I will be tweeting by a two lucky
people will win this and I'll send it
out to you for free and it's a you'll be
able to say that you're awesome
hi guys glad you stuck around this is
actually some bonus footage of the case
and as you can see we have some fairly
serious hardware going into this thing
259 70s waterblock
that I made myself ek supreme two
reservoirs and yeah this thing is fully
loaded and we've got an ax 1200 power
supply coming in of course you'll
probably need it for this kind of
hardware and for water cooling system
everything is going to go
you